for those of youtube bring the review
official of this or there is no matrix that
it's called texas ultimate value and it's the
name of the toy but to a series of
ultimate health and good matrix in
truth I never did this a review
official why I decided to make him
now they told me everything that is between
may be the first thing he does is
many options but not
around him
we can see it well but here it gives us a
hollow this what I did not like I do not know
I see very simple and at the same time the strap that
we can see it the corneas you can leave
because he's going to take it from me because I do not want to
pull out and peron like that the strap too
a little cheap
a little bit small since I do not know
we are going to touch well better advertising without
But now it has been with colors like
extra and black but I really know
move so I do not have any left
but although I do not see myself how
we can put it more closely
here as it moves and then more a
special thing you parted one and three
favorites to show how are the
tubes on the black background also this in
the series general the breaths so that
know this thing you can not turn everything
the direct impact either this town
look at this is also for something special
of clarito but show you that a
hollow also for something that destined to
show before passing functions
special functions I want to teach you
the discs closer to your discs
they contain aliens
and this is the
let's correct handle without sir for
back and we put a little bit of the two
and we can see what like you have
man shape
you can not see too
with everything as you can see us well but
how
and here
ultimate
ah
I really do not think
and it's so big and so easy to break
one that attends a process in which
you have two options you can create disks and
It can be the same I'll show you
first the first one is a bit hard for
put it in and you have to click now
to launch this album as you can see and
we need to crush this and move it like this
on the right but it 's kind of hard
that's why you need to have a bit of
proven work force
it does not make you see it
again
it's a bit hard
two
rob was a bit hard and does not jump so high
but a good amount and just put
the other to be done aside
I remember when these discs are
compatible with the doses is a disc
it's not for one of the strangers all
these are universal for these
functions and now let's put your face
and a little bit too but he was strong and
look and boats
I live at the speed
two
without citing them dancing
how could they see the two functions the
Same time
here they saw two discs in time and
they are going to beat
a little bit hard
without more taking things
that they could come
all right
because when one is a little stronger
it was to move it
battaglia lately
and goodbye